bug - adding support for taxii 2.0 indicator (#23741)
demisto/content: Packs/TAXIIServer/ReleaseNotes/2_0_21.md

#### Integrations
##### TAXII2 Server

> - Updated the created indicators to meet TAXII 2.0 standard convention for Indicator objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the created indicators to comply with TAXII 2.0 standard convention for Indicator objects.
```
